Michelle wants to be the star of the
show any worry buddy please understood
chef I could have been doing so much
more but Michelle wouldn't let me I got
I got a chef is too cold Michelle does
got a bit jealous I'm gonna go see
what's happening in the dining room with
Michelle headed towards the dining room
sous-chef Devin takes over I know what
I'm doing I'm a machine and I'm all over
the place
and the food is finally getting out why
where is Michelle
first time oh you've been here before
first time I like to go to the customers
because it's great for my ego why are we
drinking
Oh Peter why awful duck I think I know
the guy that sells that pointy
michelle's does tend to talk an awful
lot have a glass of wine waiting for me
yeah I hope it's good no this persistent
universe ain't anything no any passion
and a bolting the French have God is
passion yeah zero after observing dinner
service Gordon has come to a conclusion
okay so let me tell you what I have seen
and witnessed all day I've seen a man
that I think is far more in love with
himself than he is with his restaurants
okay
tomorrow we start working together no
arguing clear understanding chef to chef
and I want to see some passion
you understand the word passion coz I am
seen any of it tells me that I don't
give a [ __ ] about people like you only
about myself this is all [ __ ] you
can do much better this is all [ __ ]